DONE
CANCEL - change the text color of .pressed so that it's more obvious that it's not a fog. Or change bg color

change fog flag text color to something that's not cell text color

double the flash time for compa_delta


Also, a mechanic where you can get more functionality. Like maybe confirming your flags on the board. Things like to give you an advantage. ( I was thinking maybe on the board, there's one spot that gives you this extra functionality. Or maytbe it only appears if you do a false mark. [marking an gente as a pig])

create an ability to confirm flags
gente sound doesn't really work.


Show where the gente are when you lose.


change references in code from gente to gente


50% of the flags should be Mexican. The remaining 50% will be equally distributed equally between El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Venezual, & Colombia.

Create a legitimate victory screen.

Add sound.


Be able to unmark the fog of war.

Don't have gente spawn immediately next to each other.


I should only be able ot pull up the marking  menu for fog of war.

Remaining what? 
    Gente

How do I market this? 

    ICE Sweeper: Poder Al Pueblo
    A community-action reinterpretation of Minesweeper focused on risk management, survival, and rescue rather than perfect completion.

How do I explain this game?
	Rescue 15 people (Gente) before your resolve runs out.
	Rescued people restore resolve (Poder) and reduce the remaining count.
	ICE agents damage your resolve, but the game continues. (As does the struggle.) Avoid unnecessary risks.
	Right-click to mark what you think is hidden here.
		Marking tiles helps you track deductions. It does not reveal them.
	Numbers show the TOTAL threat value nearby — not the number of agents.
	You don’t need to clear the board — rescue enough to win.
	
Is this game too derivative to Dungeon Sweeper?
    No.

	mark which cell you last pressed



26-02-24

lets not play alien sound when you win. because of win sound is playing.

How do I feel about being able to lose immediately?
	I need to mitigate losing on the first try. <-!!!
		I don't know if this is really that big of an issue. I think that's an inherent part of Minesweeper as a game.

I'm winning by only revealing half of the board. I don't know if that's bad or good. And in some cases, I'm losing before even doing a flag.
	I think I've resolved that issue with winning because it feels more substantial now. 

Started where there was no easy in. (Should have taken a picture. Maybe always start with flags.)
    resolved - basic part of the design

set Gente 10 - how did this affect gameplay? makes it more difficult


26-02-25
BUG - wins didn't go up when I won

26-03-06
alien sound to ostrong

BUG - when you click on a cell, sometimes it reveals a section that's not even conntcted to it

26-03-29

tutorial - goddamn, finally!!!
	Rescue 15 people (Gente) before your resolve runs out.
	Numbers show the TOTAL threat value nearby — not the number of agents.
	Rescued people restore resolve (Poder) and reduce the remaining count.
	ICE agents damage your resolve, but the game continues. (As does the struggle.) Avoid unnecessary risks.
	Right-click to mark what you think is hidden here.
		Marking tiles helps you track deductions. It does not reveal them.
	
	You don’t need to clear the board — rescue enough to win
	
